ruud brood how is your team and your staff
of yourself responded to that first
victory against FC Eindhoven
yes it would always be good to win
I here is a competition but also it
forward because before you know it
the weather friday we were busy without it
So the reasonable professional
post-discussion done the day after and
on to volendam
but it is important
of course for the process that you bag
I immediately forwarded
to Volendam about FC Eindhoven I said
I really don't know how well they are here
go out and play how they know
you do that from Volendam
well we we they from Eindhoven that we
soccer team was and is and that there is
was almost gone
they also showed that yes
The red card was of course important
we had the dominance of volendam, we know
so I myself have been
and then a few physical boys
in addition, there is a player who you walk
can regularly score a goal
so they have speed on the flanks
your normal soccer team at home with
choices of grass yes that is sometimes
So surprising, but we're good
prepared that also the difference between
at home in the sacrifice and play
what is that difference well what i just have
say it's the field you start with
but also do so now again another
things around it look at preconditions
which should keep sitting here with you rain
the 75 100 will be great to do there
it that number isn't with yes
Enough from supporters but don't go along
then you may not be guided
we have to see our game they play and
just try to be very professional with
each other full for profit they go it
about your game
I wonder if you are a trainer
who only plays the same game
also want to adjust
to an opponent
I think you are in today's football
it is about but it is also about
impractical detail
it goes natural that is would you say
want to win it's about winning but the
way
but then you have to look so maybe you should
you have a tactical detail
and what players have on that
available to you but you have to
well steadiness is not quite me
team start throwing each other in terms of
field occupation
which means you can actually get everyone back
and can improve in that
tasks but you may look at the
opponent that that is just the fun
of it
talking about solidity in your team
transfer period is of course still ongoing
to what extent is that difficult in the process
what you are doing with a go players
new one coming this week
players
I don't know if the new players
leave but yes we are constant
busy anticipating the fact that
there comes the means in this club
and wants a certain type of player
buy from us
well then you have to be prepared for that
we are also very active on the market
that is also evident from the keepers' name
who circulates on the internet would
may be that tomorrow is just one
another goalie enthusiastic striker among the
the bar is against Volendam there is
depending on the administration yes
indeed
is the keeper released or not and
then if so then we can do one
make a choice
so there is that chance, yes, well
for us was not yet because he is still
not released but if that still
this afternoon is yes then have a choice so
the chance is yours
finally you don't like predictions
but nec tomorrow the favorite
find you in volendam
they are difficult to estimate because one
number of things certainly play a role how
my team deals with circumstances
like that field not that the boys still
never played a course but have
also to do with a different entourage
if you look at it we are always secs
I find this every opponent's favorite
nice thank you there